Update DOCKER.md - Correct docker compose versions - bug from 2.19.0 … (#8427)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: readme-docs/DOCKER.md

In this case, both docker (version 17.09.0-ce) and docker-compose (1.18.0) need to be updated.

> **NOTE** - As of docker compose version 2.19.0, there was an upgrade to docker compose that breaks running docker compose commands.  Please do not update docker compose version to anything older than 2.18.1, as a temporary workaround while this issue is fixed.

Reviewer: Updated the wording a bit

```suggestion
**NOTE** - Docker Compose version 2.19.0 and greater includes syntax restrictions that are not compatible with our compose files.  As a temporary workaround while a more complete solution is determined, please do not update docker compose to a version greater than 2.18.1.
```
